2023-08-04 content release note (#2900)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-cse/2023-08-04-content.md

---
title: August 4, 2023 - Content Release
hide_table_of_contents: true
keywords:
  - rules
  - log mappers
  - parsers
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/sumo-square.png
authors:
  - url: https://help.sumologic.com/release-notes-cse/rss.xml
    image_url: /img/release-notes/rss-orange.png
---

> This release includes minor updates and new log mapper for Microsoft Defender.
> 
> Updates enumerated below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release includes minor updates and a new log mapper for Microsoft Defender.
```

Author: Agreed
